update: report vulnerability via github, not email (#155)
erlang/erlang-org: security.md

---
layout: markdown
---
## Security

Best Practice: Reporting a Security Issue in Erlang/OTP

> ## TLDR
> Please **do not create a public issue** for a security issue, use instead [https://github.com/erlang/otp/security](https://github.com/erlang/otp/security).
> 
> Please follow this document in order to report security vulnerabilities in Erlang/OTP. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Summary
Please create a new [Security Advisory](https://github.com/erlang/otp/security/advisories) for security issues. **Do not create a public github issue**.

Please follow this document in order to report security vulnerabilities in Erlang/OTP. 
```

Having a toddler at home has tought me that you should start with saying what you want someone to do, people always seem to miss the *not*.

## When should you report a security issue?

The risk level is often determined by a product of the impact once exploited, and the probability of exploitation occurring. In other words, if a bug can cause great damage, but it takes highest privilege to exploit the bug, then the bug is not a high risk one. Similarly, if the bug is easily exploitable, but its impact is limited, then it is not a high risk issue either.

> There is not any hard and fast rule to determine if a bug is worth reporting as a security issue to [https://github.com/erlang/otp/security](https://github.com/erlang/otp/security). A general rule is that a bug which allows an unprivileged user to successfully attack the Erlang application, the Erlang runtime, or can be used as a springboard to attack other software running on the same or other machines is considered a security issue. As attacks we consider anything that affects the confidentiality, integrity and/or availability of the system.

Reviewer 2: Maybe remove link ?
